Navigate search modal using up and down keys (#2761)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added 

> * Navigate search modal using up and down keys ([#2761])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the HTML output, the search modal can now be navigated using using up and down keys. ([#2761])
```
